1. Please fix or answer my comments/questions in my previous email.
2. Fix the system based on our discussion yesterday and additional comments for today as summarized below.
a. Dynamically create textboxes to add students without refreshing the page. Similar to this example: http://qualitypoint.blogspot.com/2009/05/dynamically-adding-text-box-in-web-page.html.

b. Fix all the textboxes. The problem is with our codes and not with the browser since I tested the system with all 3 browsers (Firefox, Internet Explorer and Chrome).

c. Pending parent's registration should not be allowed if there's no match with one student. If there is more than one student, then it must match all students before the system will allow approve the parent's account.

d. Fix all our capitalizations, grammars, etc. in the system.

e. Find a better javascript menu or dropdown for the pace parent website.

f. Leave the select children module. We shall use this for existing parent's account with newly enrolled students or students that they have forgotten to enroll. This must be linked to the admin page where the admin must give his/her approval before a child can be linked to this parent.

g. Please make sure that the parents cannot add students that are not their own children.

h. Add the option to unselect selected students in the select children page.

i. Please fix the menu select child. There's an inconsistency here since we use select child in the menu and select children in the sub-menu. Which one is it?

j. Displaying of grades must be first grouped by quarter (1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th) and then grouped by type (SW, HW, Quizzes, etc.)

k. Where can the parent change his/her profile? There must be a module for the user to update his/her profile.

l. Users in the select child page must have the option to unselect child. Also, please add a pop-up confirmation to make sure that the user did not just accidentally click the page.

m. In the parent registration of the Pace Online assessment page, where is the email address stored? Please make sure that all the fields entered in the system are stored in our database.

n. Forgot password functionality - Please make sure that we have this module. I'm not sure if this is working since emails are not recorded in the system.

o. Please make the javascript slower since the menus are small, it's hard to mouse over a particular menu.

p. User privileges - I'm an administrator, but I cannot update the user privileges for administrator in the system. Teacher user group also cannot update the academic activities.

q. We have catpcha in the student's registration page, but we don't have a captcha in the parent's registration page. Please add a captcha in the parent's registration page.

r. Please add a restriction that registered email accounts are not allowed to register anymore. They should be redirected to the forgot password page since their email address have already been registered.
 
s. Please add the index page so that the system redirects to the index page when we run the system.

So far, these are my comments that I have noticed and some I have already discussed with you. Kindly discuss with me if we have any questions to make sure that we are doing it correctly in order for us to minimize mistakes and have to redo it all over again. Thanks.

